how do their youtubers
here's how to play sugar and spice by
the crying shames it was also a hit by
The Searchers I believe yes and it was
number two in the United Kingdom and a
number four in the United
in the United States in 1963 its sugar
and spice so this would be the lead in
and it'll sound like this you're at the
8th fret on the top two strings to be an
e so that's the intro and you're on the
eighth fret using the high two strings
and you use these two fingers here so
you can spread them out as you go down
to the seventh and the fifth fret so it
starts out as it at the eighth fret on
the E and the B string 8th fret both and
you hit so one on the eighth fret E one
on the 8th fret of the B one on the 8th
fret of the E
so goes then you slide your index finger
to the seventh fret of the high E string
leaving your middle finger at the
seventh fret on the B string and you do
the same thing again hitting the high e
first
the b ii and the high e again
then you slide down to the fifth fret on
the high E and the sixth fret on the B
and do the same again hit the high E
first
and you slide back up to the seventh and
eighth threats and then back up to eight
and eight so when you get used to
playing and it'll sound like this
now the song opens up in a chorus and
you can it's a sea sugar and E minor
spice
and all F all things G nice back to see
kisses a minor sweeter than B flat wine
G sugar and spice things nice kisses
sweeter than
spice and all things that's a D minor on
the third line g9c you know that little
girl
so that's the chorus and one verse
sounds like this does to a see everybody
B minor stops and F stairs that my G
baby see when she's walking T minor down
F Street G need see people passing D
minor by just F look at my G baby see
cause my baby look so II minor F sweet
then it goes to a Jeep
you know she's then to the course super
red spiders no kisses sweeter
sugar and spice and all things nice you
know that little girl is